feat: how to configure substra clients (#307)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/documentation/client_configuration.rst

How-to configure Substra clients
================================

Whether you are using SubstraFL or directly the Substra SDK, you need to configure one ``Client`` by organisation,
in order to register the datasets and the functions you want to use.

This how-to guide exposes the different options you have to configure your clients. It targets both first-time and

> advanced Substra users.

Reviewer: What do you think to warn here on the order of priority ? IMO, this is quite error prone so we prefer to say it too many times than the opposite :)

variables with the right client, as you typically define a client to interact with each organization.

The environment variable name is defined as follow: ``SUBSTRA_{CLIENT_NAME}_{PARAMETER_NAME}``.
For example, if the ``client_name`` is ``"org-1"``, you can set the value of ``password`` by setting the value of
``SUBSTRA_ORG_1_PASSWORD``.

You can use environment variables to configure partially your clients, and configure the rest directly in the code
(or in a configuration file as explained in the next section).

.. code-block:: bash
    :caption: Setting environment variables

    export SUBSTRA_ORG_1_USERNAME="user1"
    export SUBSTRA_ORG_1_PASSWORD="secret_password"
    export SUBSTRA_ORG_2_TOKEN="18ccd8c2-ea85-403f-aac3-972d97f3759b"

.. code-block:: Python
    :caption: Example of client configuration using environment variables

    client_1 = substra.Client(
        client_name="org-1",
        backend_type="remote",
        url="https://org-1.com",
    )
    client_2 = substra.Client(
        client_name="org-2",
        backend_type="remote",
        url="https://org-2.com",
    )

Configuration using a configuration file
----------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Don't want to jump line here

The last possibility for configuring a Substra client is to use a configuration YAML file.

> The configuration file contains a dictionary for each client you want to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration file contains informations for each client you want to configure.
```
